Doc 1387/changelog (#462)
swan-io/docs: changelog/2025/2025-10-23.mdx

💰 The [`updateCapitalDepositShareholderAmount` mutation](https://api-reference.swan.io/mutations/update-capital-deposit-shareholder-amount/) lets you correct shareholder deposit amounts. Requirements:

- Capital deposit case status is `WaitingForInitialRequirements`, `PendingInternalReview`, or `WaitingForAdditionalInformation`. Also supports the deprecated `WaitingForRequirements` status.
- Shareholder status is `PendingOnboarding`, `WaitingForVerification`, or `WaitingForTransfer`.

Updating an amount automatically recalculates the total capital deposit.

🏬 The [`updateCapitalDepositCompany` mutation](https://api-reference.swan.io/mutations/update-capital-deposit-company/) lets you correct the company name and postal address linked to a capital deposit. Requirements:

- Capital deposit case status is `WaitingForInitialRequirements`, `PendingInternalReview`, or `WaitingForAdditionalInformation`. Also supports the deprecated `WaitingForRequirements` status.
- Company onboarding is `Finalized`.

Updates sync automatically across both the capital deposit case and the associated account holder.

> 📄 Account statements now include precise status tracking and refined field structure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
📄 Account statements now feature a more refined structure, clearer field names, and precise status tracking.:
```

- **New `Voided` status**: Marks incorrect statements. When voided, a corrected version regenerates automatically with identical characteristics (format, language, opening and closing dates). The `statusInfo` object reflects this status and will replace the `status` field (see upcoming breaking changes).
- **Refined fee fields**: The `fees` field is now split into `feeCredits` (sum of credit fee transactions) and `feeDebits` (sum of debit fee transactions).
- **Clearer format naming**: The `type` field is now `format`.
- **New webhook**: [`AccountStatement.Voided`](/developers/using-api/webhooks#events-accounts) triggers when a statement is marked as `Voided`.

## API updates

### Upcoming breaking changes

> 🧹 On **December 1st**, the deprecated `totalCapitalDepositAmount` field will be removed from the [`CreateCapitalDepositCaseInput` object](https://api-reference.swan.io/inputs/create-capital-deposit-case-input/). The total is now computed automatically from shareholder contribution amounts. It remains available in responses.

Reviewer: What do we mean by "it remains available in responses"? i.e. they can still use it though it's removed? 

Also - whats the replacement? Please add in or cross-link.
